# Assignment 07
## Angela Vanderpool

1. The **\<div\>** tag defines a division or segment and is styled by using a class or id attribute. The attribute **class** is an identifier and selector value for an HTML element and groups similar types of elements by using the same name value. The attribute **id** specifies a single unique id for an HTML element, which makes it differ from class. Both attributes are used to dictate style via CSS and are valid in every HTML element. Another attribute, **span**, defines the number of columns a \<col\>/\<colgroup\> element should span.

2. The **alt** attribute specifies an alternative language for an image if the image cannot be displayed or for the vision impaired audience who rely on a screen reader to use the internet.

3. My work cycle: Firstly, I created my assignment-07 folder with my index and readme files, and the images and media folders, then I downloaded the necessary media. I went through all the topics under Assignment 07 on the Web Dev website, took notes and read the assigned reading in the HTML textbook. Afterwards, I reviewed the assignment instructions and researched the first song that popped into my head, which was naturally a *Modest Mouse* tune. I reviewed my webpage on the local drive and found the youtube video would show as unavailable, and even after selecting a different embedded link, I received the same results. I did an online search to see why I was having this issue. The forum I found stated that this would happen on the local drive, but once uploaded to a live site, the youtube video would work. Which it did, thankfully. Also, I found some long delays between pushing origin from github desktop and being able to view my live website with the updates, even though the updates showed on github.com///master. Not sure why it delays, but it does. Other than those minor obstacles, I was able to finish my assignment.
