# Assignment 12
## Angela Vanderpool

1. My imaginary client was a coffee shop/coffee roaster company. They wanted a simple yet classy layout with colors that were warm and inviting, and coordinated well with coffee. They wanted most of the pages to showcase their offerings as the final product, i.e. a warm cup of coffee to be enjoyed on site in their shop. And showcasing coffee beans on at least one page to emphasize their commitment to roasting beans in house. They asked for their logo to be seen on every page and to have links to social media in an easy to spot location. Having a contact page was an essential part of their site.

2. *Display:block* makes an inline element act like a block element; *display:inline* makes a block element act like an inline element; and *display:inline-block* makes a block element act like an inline element while retaining some features of a block element.

3. My work cycle: This one was difficult initially because the walk-through video seemed to begin in the middle of the instructions (i.e. all the style.css has been completed and a menu.css, which I wasn't prepared for, was being worked on). The information in the walk-through was still very helpful for getting my navigation and dropdown menu completed. Once I finished that, I began to fill in other elements and designs, following the assignment instructions to insure I included everything. I took code from previous assignments, modifying them to fit my needs for this assignment. I liked the footer that you added to your example page, and I thought the double line would be a good way to separate the content of the page from the attribute link for the icons I borrowed. After I added the double line to the footer, I decided to add it to the top as well and found the effect aesthetically pleasing.
