# Assignment 10
## Angela Vanderpool

1. *System fonts* are already installed on your computer system. They are meant for printing and images, but are not generally set up for web use. *Web fonts* are hosted on a server and require certain elements to be called up correctly. They are optimized for web use with 65% of websites using them. *Web-safe fonts* are available on both Windows and Macs, and since the computer already has these fonts installed, load times are decreased.

2. The importance of having fallback fonts or a font stack is in the event that the user's computer does not have the preferred font available or accessible, then another font will show in its place preventing loading delays/issues.

3. My work cycle: I watched the walk through after reading the textbook and module on the website. I began with the information from the walk through and adjusted it slightly. I chose a different cursive font style and made a few other adjustments. I liked how your 'Read More' button on your example page looked with the shadow type border so I used that styling on mine. Getting the image background to be the correct opacity with the font not fading was a challenge. After referring to the textbook and the W3 website, I was finally able to style it with a transbox. However, getting the image to line up so the lovers' heads aren't cut off when you first load the page was something I could not figure out so I left it as is, although it isn't ideal. The pseudo elements are sort of confusing which flustered me a few times on the "CSS Diner" game. Overall though, learning more about font styles and how to utilize them was interesting and something I rather enjoyed. 
